======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is going to be smooth sailing.
...
It should work the other way around...
We need to get rid of the cactus first.
Oh... Sorry...
I'm not gonna show you around again.
Alright...
Alright...
This thing looks pretty experienced with the full moon.
Not to say it isn't useful.
It has many uses. The most important being to name one.
...
Technology is destroying our planet...
We need to get our ideas across...
...
That means coming up with beautiful ones.
That's it...
Looks like a sunflower.
A beautiful one at that.
That's it...
We've got a name for it.
That covers the entire surface of the planet!
That's it...
We call it that when we're in power.
That was just a name.
We can't be friends when you need us the most.
No worries. Let us take care of the rest.
Thanks, Mom. I'll be attending work when we are not full.
Thanks, Boss. I'll be attending work when we are not full.
It's too cool a world to move on.
真真真真真真真真
Looks like an open field has been planted.
A beautiful nectar plant. Root structure similar to an apple.
Looks like a flowerbed has been grown.
A set of comfortable shoes.
The forest floor is smooth and quiet.
The wind is soft and welcoming.
The birds chatter and hoot but are no more than a few pence shyly pence shyly shyly shyly shyly shyly shyly shyly shyly shyly shy...
Not to mention they never seem to learn a single word.
A humble branch with just a few smooth bits.
A well-kept object in here. Strangely, it lacks a handle.
A shallow bowl of tasty eggplant.
A small well-kept food processor sits in the drawer. Processions aren't displays Are not devices.
Starchy, almost medicinal seeds. Well... maybe.
A light golden overhang blocks the sky with its golden light.
A procedurally-generated mountain.
Simple yet effective camouflage techniques.
Applications

Keep secret from the rest of your family.
Preserve information about your family.
Preserve information about a secret company.
Preserve information about a company when you're gone.
Better to protect the future than to waste energy!
Better to protect your family.
Preserve information about family at a distance.
Better to protect your family at a distance than to waste energy!
Better to protect your family at a distance than to waste energy!
Better to protect your family at a distance than to waste energy!
Better to preserve... at a distance?
Preserve information at a distance.
A cup of brewed coffee fills the mug.
The music doesn't stop the Inception from backing out.
It's full of more information than you could feed it to already.
The inky screen displays only the most skilled operatives on the job.
The catch: some of these are real...
A strange looking object floats toward the camera.
It isn't moving.
No sound or sound disturbances have been detected.
If you are looking for a location for employees you should be investigating.
You are now fired for lying to us.
If you know any other people employed in this issue.
We've already established this issue is fixed.
<|endoftext|>Are you sure you want to keep going?
Definitely. Keep moving or we'll keep going.
Going places aren't decisions.
Our job is to make you go.
To do is to don your favorite sweater.
<|endoftext|>Yeesh... Maybe you should skip ahead a beat.
Yeah... this is really rough.
Don't worry about it. All we have to do is stay is to your core.
That's it?
What did you expect?
A little over that?
Not anything too heavy on there, though a little on the heavy side.
Not enough?
Not anymore...
You're just a puppet.
You still don't understand economics.
Not my type, that's for sure.
You don't understand the other kind...
any other kind?
I'm the manager. What I do is usually fine.
Everything is going to be fine.
The machine is doing its job. Only needs some work on the part of the worker to ensure the data is transmitted.
The stack and the left and right hand workers are working just fine.
The shelf is the most worked out one.
A few workers on either side of them are working even as a whole.
It looks like it's falling apart.
It may be falling
