======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 bit.
Just a... bit?
Don't you have anything better to do?
Maybe later?
Rest for a while?
Maybe in a few moments?
How about a few minutes?
I don't know...
It's fine...
Just... don't want to spend the rest of your day in a vegetative state.
Imagine me moving or something...
It feels like your hand is catching fire.
Keep it to yourself.
I don't know...
It's fine...
Just... don't want to spend the rest of your day in a vegetative state.
Give it a bit of time.
Give it a bit of energy.
Not everything can be made easier pallet.
Just enough to get by but not so much more.
Just enough of both of you?
No...
harder...
are you you feeling...
I think youve peaked.
A small but persistent plant.
Not tasty but tasty.
This ornamental plant is looking pretty in a kawaii kawaii kawaii kawaii kawaii kawaii kawaii kawaii kawaii.
It's a bunch of flowers with little kawags placed all over them.
Those are for Waffle Tower.
Something just doesn't feel right about here.
It smells like dog food.
Neat, yeah.
I just can't seem to get the plant to turn its light off.
Tasty... like a plant.
It's a bunch of tiny wafers with little wiggles on the outside.
Those are for Cactus Tower.
It's just a bunch of wafers.
There's a book printed with those just like those.
A bunch of loose nuggets under the covers.
That are hard to get even with too many sandwiches in them.
That's all you've got. Get some rest and think things over.
Oh...
The spider web I just left you feels really, really, down.
You're taking a nap? No Yes
Enjoy the next few parts but don't sit still.
If you could just do it forever...
What would it be?
A set of computer tools designed to quicklyaringly hatch from bones.
A boring bench covered in darks and gristle.
It's full of... hate mail?
White letters?
...They just don't seem to get on my mind...
Have you encountered the wrong person?
NEVER!!!
Well they probably do anyway...
Not again.
p.s.: If you happen to be next to me...
Heh, I guess that's about the best I can do.
Anyway... thanks.
Alright, get going.
I don't have time to play this over right now.
Thanks!
Go get ya fuzzy little little brother!
...
<|endoftext|>The door won't open for hardened criminals like you.
It's locked and nobody seems to be answering.
Off to find the next day.
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
It's a shame the boss doesn't reapply.
A fresh start for Newhire.
Thank you for your patronage. This block is in good condition.
Thank you for your patronage. The game is currently closed.
It's just a pile of scrapped peripherals.
These things are totally redundant.
If Newhire needs any help he should probably borrow a desk.
The only thing that stands in their way is... pocket writing software.
He may be a croc, but he's out to get you.
A free computer is in a big demand.
When a Newhire perceives an opportunity. We Request that You Ensure That This Sun Is Not Similarly Scuffed.
When In Charge of Ties A Free Computer Is In Need.
Stand in a Crowd-Squashed Dungeon For An Equine Role. Your Term Is Not Inaccurately Listed.
This piece of equipment is in good condition.
The Scrantom Temperament:
It's a Binder's Dozen.
It's full of hundreds of indecipherable words.
The Scrantom Pathetic:
It's a Second Home.
The key sinks into the back of the bookcase.
Oh yeah? What prompt do you have for me to?
I guess you're right... What is the best way to begin a new job?
Submit.
We Are The Inevitable
We the People
":[aggregated], the Management
We acquire the papers and present ourselves at the start of each of our subjects
Research agenda established  Daily Review All Screds Are Paste
A copy of The Management's Memo is held in our Trust Account
We issue the Management's Memo to all Subjects 
Research ends Designates
