======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Just ready to throw out the garbage?
You didn't throw a stone.
She's pretty strong.
You just need to be realistic about it.
Dang, that's good advice.
The price for it was pretty high...
It's your fault.
She's gone because of you.
You alright?
Huh...? Oh... Sorry...
Don't worry about it.
Uhh... what is that?
Bah... doesn't matter.
You sure?
Yeah... I'm out of here...
Hrm...
HOLY HOT HECKIN' DANG!!! WHAT IS THAT?!
Uhh...
TAKE THIS AND CATCH IT!!!
Now I'm off to hunt on my own.
Wait... what?
Hope you find what you're looking for.
So you changed your mind huh?
Yeah... sorry.
Don't worry about it. Come sit down!
This isn't what I wanted...
You're kind of scaring me... Is everything ok?
It's going to be ok. I believe in you.
Ughh... what was that?
You got hit in the head with a fishing pole.
Who threw a fishing pole?
Clearly nobody here.
Anyway... CATCH IT! CATCH THE THING!
Man, you're like, really bad at this.
Eugh....
I don't know what you expected.
Maybe I expected you to be less sarcastic.
Then you expected wrong.
Did you seriously just miss?
Nope.
So you were trying to get those bones?
Definitely.
You weren't trying to catch the fly?
Nope.
Gross dude.
You're gross, dude.
Nah.
Wow... that was kinda grim.
I mean... it's not the worst thing I've seen here.
What's the worst thing...?
Don't worry about it.
At least it was quick...
It's not always quick...
What...?
Don't worry about it...
Hey... you alright?
Yeah sorry... just thinking about something.
Your friend Baron I take it?
How did you know...?
Don't worry about it.
Oh no...
GET THE THING
......
......
DO SOMETHING!!!
HYAAAAA!!!
Did you just throw a shoe?
Nah...
Who throws a shoe? Honestly...
Couldn't be me.
Wait...
Is that...
A stick?
BAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
That's not what I expected.
Well... mystery solved?
Yeah... I guess?
Let's head back to my place.
Gotta get to work on that watch of yours.
A sock appeared! At the end of a pier too...
Watch your step. Stair related injuries are not covered on your medical plan. -The Management
Designation: The Faceless Role: Menial Worker Term: Lifetime Description: Expendable workers created to perform low level jobs. Free will removed and replaced with happy wholesome thoughts to promote productivity. Subjects must be kept isolated for the duration of their term. Role can be improved only when subject displays elevated levels of ambition. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Positive Memory
Designation: Pool Pal Paul Role: Garbage Collection Term: Lifetime Description: A low intelligence worker created to remove unwanted material from The Tower. Multiple subjects may be kept in close proximity under high levels of compression. Subject generates positive memories when fed digestible materials. Manufacturing Requirements: 3 Faceless 1 Cup of Coffee
Designation: G8r Role: Defensive Security Term: Lifetime Description: A cynical worker created to defend The Tower from external influences. Has experienced increasing entropy due to proximity with Designation Phish. Future iterations will be put in isolation to improve productivity. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Salty Lemon
Designation: Shortstack Role: Gym Management Term: Lifetime Description: A high ambition worker created to oversee and manage physical excercise routines. Current iteration does not grant beneficial information to The Tower. Repurpose materials during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Ambitious Faceless 1 Egg
Designation: That Guy Role: That Guy Term: Lifetime Description: In every corporate environment there is always That Guy. Previous iterations of The Tower resulted in collapse due to his absence. That Guy is necessary for session stability despite universal hatred for it. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Nosey Faceless 1 Fish In A Microwave
Designation: The Coprino Brothers Role: Cafeteria Workers Term: Lifetime Description: A trio of workers designed to quickly manage mundane sorting tasks. Currently assigned to cafeteria operations to ensure all Faceless are fed accordingly. Due to constant in-fighting this configuration is deemed ineffective. Repurpose materials during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 3 Faceless 1 Egg Salad Sandwich
Designation: Unknown Role: Janitor Term: Unknown Description: An intruder existing within a
