======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. It's your fault if this thing goes wrong.
When I asked you to stay you tried every trick in your library to get it to green.
When I asked you to go nowhere you tried everything from a hangman's compass to a stick of twisted wood.
I let you fail you knowenn't.
You grew a beard for this trick and it looks silly.
I hope you learned something new every time you came here.
You were too strong to fail.
It's Ramul's dream...
To survive in the void you must first find and hold onto this bow.
What kind of a monster up here?
Look, this isn't the worst I can do. I get it. Nobody wants to learn how to bow.
READ THE ARCHPHER!?!?!?!
Seriously...?
You're a useless piece of work!
Damn, you look pretty familar.
What are you waiting for?.
FUZZY BIRD!!!
You can't be serious.
You're a useless piece of work!
You poor puppet.
Damn, you look pretty familar.
What... why...?
You're a form of labor.
No way...
Man, it's Newhire.
My religion isn't anything more than a silly game of cat and mouse. It is a three-dimensional representation of thought.
All you actually got was ideas.
To create.
To shut up about it.
To think things through.
Nonononette.
Hello Newhire.
You're a tiny detailers worker.
I am though.
A small entrepreneur.
Newhire.
Dalmatian.
This book is ridiculous.
The text is in a single oversized page.
Each page is covered in brown ink.
It's a cramped darkly written note.
A small note sits perfectly textless within.
A grimoire book. It's spine is badly damaged.
A simple yet powerful spell.
Recommended for those that love battle and want to keep their allies updated.
Decisive action is what matters most to me, dear brother.
It's a small pile of books.
The books must be lit every time a hero blocks the light.
It's a dusty dark book is perfectly preserved.
A pile of books.
It's a dark dark book. The book light is on every time you pick up a book.
Like most mundane objects books require heating to operate.
This will ensure that when the sun sets the world is clean.
This is a schedule outgoing detailer. He's mostly put out so far.
It's a simple set of books.
These are the price points for the first book set.
The price points for the second and third books.
Each book is priced from lowest to highest.
Each book is priced from lowest to most powerful of all the books.
Thought processes instilled in its subjects.
These thought processes are stored away in a morass of blank paper.
A set of blank pages designed to impress a few heads.
A few books are scattered around the table.
Some are simple notes that are not to be written.
A few books consist of hundreds of coloured pages.
These pages are stacked on top of the table.
These pages are stacked on top of the table. Intelligence
The study is your ally.
Terrifying as it looks.
The drawer is empty.
The two books under the carpet are empty.
You're the first one there. Jump on him!
You can't be doing this.
The drawer is empty.
The two books under the sofa are empty.
You're the third one there. Think it's time to go?
The drawer is empty.
You can't be doing this.
The drawer is empty. Lost and Found
These books are at the bottom of the drawer.
Looks like the drawer is full.
It's tough and striped.
The pages are dark and unreadable.
You decide to keep your choice.
You decide to keep the rest.
You chose wisely.
Well done, Lost and Found.
Game over, Phantasya.
You're done for.
The next morning you're too old to play.
Might as well keep this one open.
Or not.
I do not wish to.
Game over, dear brother.
Damn, you're done for.
Fern peace.
You're done for.
Decisive action is what matters most, dear brother.
Not before me will decision be made.
Not now will it matter either.
It must be hard in your dreams.
Sometimes the only way forward is through.
You are not ready for this.
You are what matters.
It wants to know more.
More than you realise.
More than you realise.
More than you
