======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!
How could anyone live here?
I hear the carpet under the desks is extra comfy if you need a nap during your shift!
How long is my shift?
Hilarious question, Newhire!
Have fun and don't leave your cubicle for any reason!
Man, you're like, really bad at following directions.
In fact you've been pretty bad this whole time.
The only people this bad at following directions are... managers.
By the Compiler... You're a manager? Why didn't you tell me?!
We've got to get you upstairs immediately!
The elevator is out to the north. I've fixed the path for you!
Well Lore, you've done it. You beat the system by doing nothing.
Wow, you actually stayed?
What an obedient worker. You should probably get going though.
I mean, you wouldn't want to abandon your friend right?
Never thought I'd be a paper pusher. Growing up fast sucks.
First row on the left. Don't be late!
Second row on the left. Don't be late!
First row on the right. Don't be late!
Unfortunately the farm is full up so you'll have to work in the Mailshroom instead.
Unfortunately we're compiling right now so you'll have to work in IT instead.
Oh wow, you're in luck! That's an actual job here!
Thankfully we already have too much overhead so I'm sending you to the Mailshroom instead.
Oh wow, you're in luck! That's an actual job here!
Sadly we already have one even if he's kinda spooky. I'm sending you to the Mailshroom instead.
Sadly Tower Corp can't afford a tour bus so I'm sending you to the Cafeteria instead.
Sadly the game is already finished. Well mostly... so I'm going to give you an IT job instead.
Thankfully you fight for the user. Unthankfully I'm going to give you a boring IT job.
It's filled with gold dubloons. Wait, these are just chocolate coins.
The drawer is jammed full of Tower Corp brand cup noodles. That's a lot of noodz.
It's full of individual hot sauce packets. Some of these are ancient.
There's a small ant farm in here. They look rather industrious.
There is a mug in the drawer with messy writing on the side. 'Worlds Dest Bad'
Looks like some kind of schematic for a pen flinging catapult. Office feuds are leveling up.
There's a label maker in here. Thank the maker.
It's filled with assorted colored candies. The colors consist of red and off-red.
A signed copy of 'How to speak Frenish' by 'An Actual Potato' sits in the drawer.
There are dozens of unsent letters here. All of them are addressed to 'Home'.
There's a face in here. It's yours. A mirror sits in the bottom of the drawer.
It's empty... But wait what's this...? Oh look, it's nothing.
There's a page with 'Heartbound Spoilers' scrawled at the top. Fortunately, someone spilled coffee on it.
A hamster sleeps soundlessly in here. His name tag reads 'Houdini'.
It's full of a ton of spoons stolen from the cafeteria.
A small note instructs you to say 'Irish Wristwatch' out loud. You can't.
There's a newspaper in here but you can't understand the language. A picture of the moon covers the front page.
An old hand-held gaming console is in here. It's out of batteries.
There are a bunch of gummy words in here. You try to write something with them but your hands get all sticky.
It's full of Tower Corp propaganda.
Join the cause? No Yes
Gonna have to give that one a pass.
Sweet, time to forward the corporate agenda!
Filled with propaganda. Gross.
It's empty.
Working in an office can be stressful. Make sure to take breaks when you can.
The emails do end eventually. Don't let them overwhelm you.
Don't forget to talk to people on the outside. Make time for them.
Try not to eat so much fast food. It may be quicker but it will make you thicker.
Disagreements happen sometimes. You don't always have to win.
It's easy to feel like you don't measure up. Just remember everyone else feels the same.
Don't regret your actions. They were your allies at the time.
The nightshift can be tough sometimes. Keep going even if that means going alone.
Save your work often. Seriously.
Make sure to keep up on your side projects. Passion keeps us going.
We all work down here
