======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. There's a heart drawn across the page. ...Maybe it's the reason...
The thrum of ringing in the ears fills the air.
It whirrs to life with a faint hint of sadness in the background.
There's a faint sound of clinking shutters on the floor.
The lock is broken and the lock set on a false hope.
The woodwork has been smudged and the tan workmanship is looking quite shabby.
The lock is unlocked and the lock set on a false hope.
The lock is lost and the set on a false life is waiting for you.
The old man's voice is broken and you don't seem to be listening.
The door rattles and the woodwork shatters all over.
A small book sits on the counter. It's label says 'Personal Inventory'.
This book is smashed open and there's a label with the words 'START YOUR NEW YEAR SINGLE YEAR' in it.
It's smashed and you don't have a single pen in your drawer.
The pen glows red and you quickly pocket one.
You take a peek inside the drawer. There you go, your not a bad guy.
It's full of Tower Corp propaganda.
'Long Live the Tower!
Decline!' is written on the side.
There's a small red book in here. 'HI, IRONCOW!'.
You help HICKEY into a slipcase.
The slipcase is bolted to the side.
The latch pops open allowing you to pass.
Or not pass?
You can't be a mole either!
That's not even close!
The price for it is pretty high.
The latch pops shut and you're left with a giant red book with a photo attached.
The red book says 'Welcome back to the academy, HICKEY!'.
You take a minute to yourself and Ho˽m better get going.
It's full of all of this stuff.
A ton of these just went to waste on the way in.
A bunch I didn't even take.
This thing is better than Grimmies...
Don't ask me how, I super-sized it.
The watch in my hand is covered in gold thread.
It's balance is dead set on revenge.
The air is cold and you're cold and silent.
A pile of books.
Time is running thin.
The smarmy smarm keeps the books warm.
When you reach the back of the house you'll find hundreds of books labeled 'Neatplace else yet.'
It's all dirty and dusty.
It's full of a ton of lost pages.
There's a small whistle in the distance.
The door is broken and the door sits soundlessly.
A small book clings to the end and is dislodging from the table.
A small fragment of a conversation sits silent.
A ledger sits trashed on the table.
The book app doesn't seem to be running on time.
A picture book style sits solemnly in the background.
A signed copy of 'How to speak Frenish'ics powers sit solemnly in the background.
A small fragment of a conversation sits silent.
A small fragment of a conversation sits silent.
It sits solemnly and silence.
A faint whistle rings out across the table.
The book app doesn't run on a low connection.
A tiny pile of books.
A bunch of books are pile on the way to work.
A bunch of books are piled on the way to your desk.
All of them are stamped with the words 'HI, IRONCOW!'
You're working on a documentary. What's going on?
This is going on...
I... I don't know how...
You're not listening to me.
I'm not listening to you.
Iirwood. Backier.
Tower Corp...
What are you doing here?
Bah... I'm fine.
Digging the...
He... What do you know there?
I salected a bite to his show.
I won't tell you the truth, dude.
I don't need your lies.
I won't let you lie to tell you a secret.
I'm afraid that terrifies you.
Good for you.
An easygoing nature.
No trouble in my book.
I'm afraid of what I ask.
It's a simple fact of life.
Even if it isn't always well founded.
It may be slow but I will tell.
That's it, outsider.
Now you try invading my shrine.
This is your chance.
Can you handle it?
You don't have to suffer through this first.
The others didn't take long to notice.
It may have slowed but you did.
I won't let
