======== SAMPLE 1 ========
USTING.
WHAT A GLORIOUS TURN OF EVENTS, SQUIRE.
GLORIOUS!
WHAT A GLORIOUS MOVIED FOR?!
OH! Yes?
That's not what I expected.
Well... mystery solved?
Yeah... I guess?
Let's head back to my place.
Gotta get to work on that watch of yours.
A sock appeared! At the end of a pier too...
Watch your step. Stair related injuries are not covered on your medical plan. -The Management
Designation: The Faceless Role: Menial Worker Term: Lifetime Description: Expendable workers created to perform low level jobs. Free will removed and replaced with happy wholesome thoughts to promote productivity. Subjects must be kept isolated for the duration of their term. Role can be improved only when subject displays elevated levels of ambition. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Positive Memory
Designation: Pool Pal Paul Role: Garbage Collection Term: Lifetime Description: A low intelligence worker created to remove unwanted material from The Tower. Multiple subjects may be kept in close proximity under high levels of compression. Subject generates positive memories when fed digestible materials. Manufacturing Requirements: 3 Faceless 1 Cup of Coffee
Designation: G8r Role: Defensive Security Term: Lifetime Description: A cynical worker created to defend The Tower from external influences. Has experienced increasing entropy due to proximity with Designation Phish. Future iterations will be put in isolation to improve productivity. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Salty Lemon
Designation: Shortstack Role: Gym Management Term: Lifetime Description: A high ambition worker created to oversee and manage physical excercise routines. Current iteration does not grant beneficial information to The Tower. Repurpose materials during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Ambitious Faceless 1 Egg
Designation: That Guy Role: That Guy Term: Lifetime Description: In every corporate environment there is always That Guy. Previous iterations of The Tower resulted in collapse due to his absence. That Guy is necessary for session stability despite universal hatred for it. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Nosey Faceless 1 Fish In A Microwave
Designation: The Coprino Brothers Role: Cafeteria Workers Term: Lifetime Description: A trio of workers designed to quickly manage mundane sorting tasks. Currently assigned to cafeteria operations to ensure all Faceless are fed accordingly. Due to constant in-fighting this configuration is deemed ineffective. Repurpose materials during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 3 Faceless 1 Egg Salad Sandwich
Designation: Unknown Role: Janitor Term: Unknown Description: An intruder existing within a pocket dimension of The Tower. Monitor and extract information. Role assigned to Janitor to reduce entropy in other workers. Manufacturing Requirements: Unknown
Designation: Whistler Role: Café Barista Term: Lifetime Description: An obedient and powerful worker created for physical security and menial labor. This iteration possesses singularly impressive intelligence and understanding of The Tower. Monitor actions at all times. Dissect and analyze during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Equine Skull
Designation: Trapper Role: Passive Manager Term: Lifetime Description: A middle manager designed to inspire other workers through understanding and empathy. Current iteration spends its time with Designation Chomper in an endless feedback loop. Split subjects during next cycle. Repurpose materials if issue persists. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Pitcher Plant
Designation: Phish Role: Offensive Security Term: Lifetime Description: A worker created to attack systems and exploit assets. This subject was originally designed to harden The Tower from outside influences. This iteration has unfortunately failed and the subject is obsessed with ducks. Repurpose materials during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Duck
Designation: Mycel Role: Inhumane Resources Term: Lifetime Description: A vicious worker created to protect the company at all costs. Coerces workers into revealing their misgivings with Tower operations. Collected data helps identify future defectors. Repurpose defectors for materials immediately. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Sinister Memory
Designation: Inky Role: Mail Sorter Term: Lifetime Description: A nervous and obedient worker created to sort mail within The Tower. Mail materials are repurposed upon completion of sorting. Faceless are allowed to send one letter per cycle to improve morale. Subject is exhibiting potential to defect. Monitor and repurpose as necessary. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Letter Home
Designation: Joe Regular Role: Executive Assistant Term: Unknown Description: An extremely dangerous entity. Replicates at will but cannot interact with the environment directly. Uses manipulation to forward unknown goals. Purge attempts unsuccesful. Role assigned to Executive Assistant to reduce entropy in other workers. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Errant Bit
Designation: Chomper Role: Aggressive Manager Term: Lifetime Description: A middle manager designed to inspire other workers through pointed and direct feedback. Current iteration spends its time with Designation Trapper in an endless feedback
