======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nightmares of being scaring the heck out of me.
It's full of... salamander treats?
Surround yourself with friends. Especially the fuzzy ones.
The edges of a window frame can be seen in each shot.
The camera goes off without being touched. A small photo slides out the side.
The camera printer is jammed... It's raspberry... Who would dare?!
It's full of unused film and flashbulbs.
It's nice to see other places sometimes. Make sure to get out and see the world.
They leave the windows open from time to time. Just enough to reach through and feel the breeze.
There's a book in here. 'How to Clean Floors for Maroons'
Every page says... 'Rip out this page and put it on your desk. Now your floor looks clean!'
A bunch of papers clutter the desk.
A bunch of pages clutter the desk. All of them seem to be from 'How to Clean Floors for Maroons'.
Clean floor, happy floor.
It's completely packed with empty pages.
You might go through a thousand ideas before you hit one you like. Don't stop trying.
It's full of even more papers.
Neat little papers in neat little stacks.
Keep your area tidy and work won't be as stressful.
It's totally empty.
I gave all my work to the guy in 3A. What a maroon.
Sorry, can't talk right now. Super busy.
Tell him what the guy in 4B said? No Yes
Better to let lazy shades lie.
I know.
Wait... you do?
At the end of the day he's only robbed himself of progress and experience.
When I'm finished with all of this I'll be better and faster for the future.
Honestly, I should be apologizing to him.
Thank you for your honesty.
All of the documents in here are completely filled out.
Looks like 3A quit. Said something about going freelance with all his experience. What a maroon.
You can only mow someone elses lawn for so long. I'm off to mow my own. -Formerly Faceless
Sealed up with vines. way you're getting this open.
Each of the sprouts has a nametag. All the nametags say... 'My Son'.
It's a mean ol' cactus. It's even got a beard!
Technology is destroying the natural world. We need to preserve the planet to survive.
It's full of pocket protectors. What a nerd.
Technology is the only way forward. Without research we will never save the planet.
Copy that floppy? No Yes
You didn't copy that floppy.
You didn't copy that floppy. You stole it instead. You stole that floppy.
All of these sandwiches seem oddly fresh.
This is way too many energy drinks.
The guy next to me is a total neat freak. It's barf city.
Looks like he's using this as a trashcan. Gross.
Crisp and clean new work. The pages even squeak when you move them.
Every page is signed 'Neatus Freakly'.
The guy next to me is a total scum bum. It's barf city.
Pens on the left. Papers on the right.
It's a bunch of bank transfer statements. All of his money is going to an off-tower account.
It's a shallow vera. They make rude comments when you're not looking.
One day I'll leave this place. Not today, but one day.
Documents detailing some kind of holding company. It seems pretty complicated.
Blueprints for some kind of sideways elevator. That seems efficient!
Applications for time off. All of them have died down.
I like living on the edge. That's why I keep my drink on the edge of my desk. Thrilling!
It's full of scrapped engineering ideas. They're all stamped with 'Maroon'.
This plant looks pretty smarmy. It's just oozing with smarm.
A hastily written recipe for smarmalade.
They all doubt my beloved smarmalade. The natural sock flavor is the best. Fools!
It's full of jars labeled 'Test Batch'.
There's a ledger resting on a table. It's all but empty.
It's full of old photos. They all seem to show how hardwork is on this world.
There's a label maker in here. Thank the maker.
It's filled with assorted colored candies. The colors consist of red and off-red.
A signed copy of 'How to speak Frenish'.
A box with a writing device in it. It's full of sensitive stuff.
A signed copy of 'How to speak Animus'.
