======== SAMPLE 1 ========
endend_0
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 5
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 7
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 9
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 5
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 6
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 5
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 2
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 3
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 7
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 6
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: d
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 5
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 1
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 7
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 7
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 7
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 9
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 6a
Tower Corp Brand Neural Network: 59
Designation: None Role: Mail Sorter Term: Lifetime Description: Position repurposed. Mail sorting is now automated. Manufacturing Requirements:ne
Designation: A Useless Worker Role: Meaningless Term: Minimal Description: A waste of resources. Repurpose during next cycle. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Actual Garbage
You found an engineers sock! Trustworthy!
<|endoftext|>Watch your step. Stair related injuries are not covered on your medical plan. -The Management
<|endoftext|>Wait... you're not supposed to be here.
This was supposed to be my moment.
This was supposed to be the cycle I finally escaped.
All you had to do was stamp.
All you had to do was stay.
I need to get out of here.
There are hundreds of data sheets in here. All of them detail results from different tests called cycles.
Documents describing an extensive neural network. There is a heart drawn across the page.
It's full of old photos. All of them are marked 'REPURPOSE' in large red letters.
Hastily scrawled plans to escape The Tower by... taking a leap of faith?
This shelf is covered in supplies. It won't even share! How shelfish.
Theres a brightly colored sticker on here. It says 'Remember to be shelf aware!'
NOTES
Cerulean and Iron Law respect this shelf.
The arrangement is exactly the same as it should be.
It seems to have lost its light.
Instructions on how to open and close this hardback book.
The spine is too tough to reach.
Paperwork and artwork from the '80s.
Staring at the gorgeous book you realize how different this place is.
<|endoftext|>This is your fault. You can't fix this.
I made this mistake...
You're right. You did.
I was blinded by fear and didn't recognize any of the people named after the colors of forest and sky.
Yet you worked here you redneck.
I... I won't let you say a word.
I love you.
I love you too, Lieutenant.
<|endoftext|>This book is too beautiful to read.
To open it would be to break the law.
Authors note: This is a joke. You can't arrest the flow of notes.
This page is recreated with the help of Virtual Reality.
Do not take the opportunity to read the entire page.
Offering your own insights into the book.
Taking a minute to sit by the fire while reading.
A single touch of upholstery can be overwhelming.
Notation on the financial implications of middle management.
These pages are so boring they seem random.
They lack thought and are replaced with images of workmen.
A bunch of papers with poorly drawn men on them.
Endnotes describing how the page came to be.
The manager probably won't believe what he's reading.
Some documents collected over the years. They are marked 'REPURPOSE' in large red letters.
Simple drawings of himself in his sixties. He looks about the same now.
None of these things are even close to real.
It's covered in strange looking notes. The pages are printed with symbols on them.
The pages seem to be optimised for printing large numbers of these.
A few folders with some engineering drawings in them.
Designation OScar took a few out of a drawer and stuck to them.
When you try to open one of them you get dropped.
This is your chance to good use that unused shelf.
With every new drawer you get harder to get rid of.
There's a lot of sticky notes in here.
When you try to open a few of them you get saved.
This is your chance to research what the shelf is dealing with. If you think something is wrong let me know.
Quality shelf materials.
This place seems efficient.
They probably are
