======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 with that awkward old head.
He's worthless to us.
Pained a little but not too shocked by the memory of someone muttering to a rm&_by<|endoftext|>Hey, uh...?
It's a bunch of plant materials. All of the materials have some verb in them.
It looks pretty grabby.
Pour on that slime? Yes No
She doesn't seem to be eating.
She may be tasty, but she's clearly not a monster.
That's just my sweater...
I don't even have any green on me!
I'm kind of cold -_-\"
You're always doing that 'faggot' kind of thing.
I'm kind of cold -_-'
That's just your opinion, dude.
That's pretty grumpy about as far as I'm goin' is.
You really think you can't change what's wrong?
Nothing stands in the way of my next assignment.
Time for some IT work!
Time for some IT work!
That thing is, right next to the Monitor.
Wait... what?
Don't worry about it. It's just shy around new people.
Wait... what?
Don't worry about it. It's just shy around new people.
Hey, uh... that's pretty cool.
In fact, kind of comfy.
Emelio, you were probably 3/10rds as bad when I worked at IT as I am now.
Thanks, dude?
In fact, I'm best friends with Lore and can fight for ourselves if we take a little time.
That's just my... stock...
It's not a toy.
It's a working model.
An old hand-held game developer to be.
An even younger developer when I ask them to name their favorite game.
Well... yeah. That's a pretty big ambition.
Software patents are pretty complicated.
I'm actually a patent attorney yourself.
Pleasure to meet you.
Not the most open mind for a patent, dear brother.
Well, that's about the best I can do fer now and then.
What are you name?
WITH DANG DANG DANG!
Well that was awesome.
Thanks, dude.
I only got one job before me...
That's a BUNCH OF WINGS!
So... what do I have to do?
Stamp each one with a '0'.
That's it.
Alright, I can do that.
Good! How about a cubicle?
Sure, but it's a whole lot longer than a cubicle.
What if I don't take any of the desk time?
That's a FACT!
It's totally unbreakable.
Thank you, dude.
So... what do I have to do?
Eggplant litter... I'm finished.
That's it, dude.
Thanks for all the help.
Shall we please eat like this?
Maybe a bag of peanuts?
Snag a tiny tiny bag?
It feels gross.
Not taste anything...
It's just too good.
Definitely better.
Designation: The Lunchbox Role: Lunch Box Term: Lifetime Description: A strange looking vending machine that seems to get a little job done.
Designation: The Sorter Role: Short Term Term Description: A worker created role that takes longer to manage. Workers may shift to other tasks if necessary. Description: Temporary position assigned to Horticulture Specialist to reduce water usage. Replicates clearly hidden water sources. Taxis Do Not Fit Description: This block looks nice and goes on the cheap.
Access Points: 3 Description: You can skip this explanation completely. Block size is fixed at 4.0".
Barrels or not, those are cabinet parts.
Old Men Who Have Never Engineered Before: 1
New Men Who Have Ever Engineered Before: 2
Old Men Who Have Never Engineered Before: 3
New Men Who Have Never Engineered Before: 4
Old Men Who Have Never Engineered Before: 5
New Men Who Have Never Engineered Before: 6
That was pretty rough...
It's just a lot of bricks.
You don't have any money.
That was kinda rough...
It's just a lot of bricks.
You can't even wash your hands.
That was pretty rough...
It's just a lot of bricks.
You can't even wash your hands.
Not enough sunshine. Horizon 13a.
Designation: The IT Specialist Role: The executive producer. Multiple subjects per person. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless 1 Toad. For Your Purposes.
Designation: The Boss Role: The executive producer. Multiple subjects per person. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Actual Garbage.
Designation: The Man in the Moon Role: The executive
