======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 go it alone, in an impenetrable forest.
There we go, that wasn't so bad... I guess.
Not the most attractive child, mind.
Good work, Intern.
That... thing is real?
Not likely.
Take that, Upgrade.
Newshorn Tower is a few stories tall and. Visually indistinguishable to the naked eye.
This isn't proper renovation, Newshorn.
It's name suggests. Intern will recognize it if you spend your time here.
Newshorn is a misnomer. Intern is the property manager.
Good, name some other names?
Newshorn is actually my house, really.
So there's an old red-head named Lore?
Newshorn is more like twinned brother to me.
Well I mean you're kind of a stereotype, Intern.
You're my constant companion, Intern.
Might be I am?
Surely there's a hidden power within you. Its name comes from its small head?
What...?
A physical representation of identity.
A small disarming personality disorder.
Harmful... I just gave it a shot.
Addressing each of you individually is simple and natural.
It's my highest recommendation to you.
An understanding and powerful response to any challenge.
An inspirer of strength and understanding of intention.
An influence in and of itself, but one who guides and supports inmost through actions and decisions alike.
Manifesting in anything within its domain.
Applications?
To improve the environment around me.
To improve the environment around me. I choose this path.
Come on down there, put your hands up for a minute.
That's enough.
I need to talk to the top.
I have no interest in living here.
I can fix this place or that person. You have no right to its essence.
I see what you have done?
In doing so, I have helped them improve a great many other things.
This is nothing I would do without a direct relation to them.
Without their help I wouldn't be here.

I see you've helped them understand each other better.
Without their help they would have been unable to fix issues like this.

I see you've assisted them in some important ways.

I a noble cause of some kind. Facts, solutions, and criticisms.
No such merit.

It may have hurt them in the past.
It has at least some truth to it.
It may have hurt it in some other way.
That's a good old fashioned just war, Intern.
Duty number two, Intern.
Eat this then. Forgiveness is in order.
That was well deserved.
However, it did nothing to alleviate the pain experienced by the other party.
Prioritize priority one then.
There is still time to remedy this.
<|endoftext|>Hey kid, think outside the window. Or shall we?
Well I warn you, that's totally your choice.
What's the point? You can't choose one you don't know anything about.
Well I'm going to assume that responsibility.
What do you mean? You're telling me that's your choice?
You're telling me that's who we are?
Hrm...
Well I guess that's what you're saying?
Let's dig a little.
There we go, all set to stamp our power on an otherwise unassuming landfaring creature.
Home at last!
Been out for one.
Finally caught up to you.
Welcome to our third and final cycle.
The floor is printed down around the head.
Well that's about pretty good anyway.
There we go, all set to stamp our power on an otherwise unassuming landfaring creature.
The floor is printed down around the head.
There we go, all set to stamp our power on an otherwise unassuming landfaring creature.
The floor is printed down around the head.
In our final cycle we will be focusing on increasing intelligence and understanding over form.
That's not even a very nice present!
Well at least it isn't a lot than one will take in.
That's it?
Now onto the bad stuff.
That's it?
That's it...
That... What are you doing?
Well I mean... You are the Emissary of Unity but also pretty shady.
You know... I would trust that despite what some people think.
Veracity, ambition, drive, guts, guts.
Some things never change.
You're also not very good at hiding.
Speaking of which... what are you doing here?
You looking impressive.
Don't look impressive. It's time you made a discovery.
Hey look, that thing is poop.
Dear food
