======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is the next best thing.
The elevator will now open. You will enter the living quarters through a slot in the right side. In the living quarters, you will find Jack.
Where is he going?
I'm not going to the casino. Where am I going?
You...?
To The Tower.  He'll be along soon...
No. I don't think I will.
Don't tell anyone you're with her.  It won't be over soon.
Why do you ask?  Because you thought you'd heard what I had? 
Yes.
I just don't see the point.
Don't tell her I love her.  She wouldn't want to try that.
What...?
Just leave her alone and let me do the talking.
No. 
We don't know each other quite yet.
It's not even lunchtime yet. 
You're probably going to feed me and Joe's menu items instead. 
I like the menu over there.
It says I killed it first.
It's not even lunchtime yet. 
Hey, you said you like it.
I said eat first.
Looks like Joe's still cold. 
I got my ducks.
1 of 50<|endoftext|>I thought I'd share this one with you... I feel like I'm doing pretty alright.
New Design New Look New Boss New Role - Good
New Design is wearing a white T-Shirt with Lavender Bangle at the top.
He says hello to everyone when they arrive. His phone rings shortly after.
Tower Corp employee Dono says to Joe, "Don't you agree to buddy hunt? Don't you dare touch him while in business.
He groans in pain and is taken to a nearby medical center.
A private investigator is sorting through the data.
A bunch of assets are in a single basket.
It's a Business... but Better Business is a Business
There is a sign next to a Hot Potato. 'Bedtime Stories'
A ledger lays on the table. 'Bedtime Stories'
A Faceless Person plays with a stick. 'Bedtime Stories'
The clock hits seven: an Empowered Worker's Passion
A strange writing seems to be amassing inside of the worker.
Record Breaker Tower Corp Brand New Design
It lets out a small groan as it's discovered.
A medium lizard can be found with its head down. Abnorm
Record Breaker Tower Corp Brand New Design
It lets out a faint groan when it's brought to our attention. This can only really happen if we interfere.
A stationary object blocks its view.
Record Breaker Tower Corp Brand New Design
It hesitates for a while before speaking again. 'I don't like this part. How do you know? -The Clock This way'
It lets out a low groan when it's brought to our attention. This can only really happen if we interfere.
...I don't like this part. How do you know?
It speaks in little to no detail. It would be cool to...
...I wouldn't want to disrupt the clock.
It hesitatingly speaks again. 'I don't like this part. How do you know?
It speaks in a low-pitched register. Unknown Sounds Collision Prevention
It hesitatingly speaks again. 'I don't like this part. How do you know?
It speaks in a faint, croaking register. Unknown Sounds Collision Prevention
It lets out a low whimper when brought to its attention. This can't be helped...
It lets out a low whimper when brought to its attention. Abruptly whispers something into the other's ears. Unknown Sounds Collision Prevention
It sits still for a bit when brought to our attention. This can't be helped...
It sits still for a bit when brought to our attention. Abruptly whispers something into the other's ear. Unknown Sounds Collision Prevention
It lays still for a while when brought to our attention. This can't be helped...
What did you just say to me? It asks for your name and answers it. What kind of monster...
It sits still for a while when brought to our attention. Abruptly asks for your name twice as often as it asks for it.
It sits still for a while when brought to our attention. It's name is the Faceless Tower Corp All-Matter. Abruptly asks if you may rest for a bit. You agree.
It asks if you are comfortable working in the dark. You do a great job.
It sits still for a while when brought to our attention. It's name is it all yours. You a terrible worker.
It asks if you need something from here to right your unfinished business. Your answer is... yes.
It sits still for a while when brought to our attention. It's name is
