======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
What do you mean? Where is he?
In a place beyond this world. I can help... but it will not be easy for either of you.
Just tell me where he is!
Please, calm yourself... I am not your enemy.
I... I'm sorry...ne of this makes any sense... I didn't mean to snap at you.
That's quite alright, Lore. Life doesn't always make sense. We make do with what we have.
What? How do you know my name?
I'll tell you when you're older. As for me... You may call me Binder.
What...? Your name is Binder?
Feel free to look around. I will be setting the time!
Opening the chest reveals... An apple...?
HEY! That's private...
Try to steal the apple? No Yes
You leave the apple alone.
No reason to invade Binder's privacy more.
You take Binders shiny red apple. It feels... heavy.
An empty chest for a heavy heart...
These books are glued together... You can't even pick them up!
There's a terrarium with a large stick placed in the center.
I see you found Agnes... Her bark is worse than her bite. I can assure you.
Agnes is looking good today.
It's just a stick.
Little brown book... Big red book!
A few books sit on the table.
Papers in a strange runic text litter the table.
Where are the others Am I really alone here I need more pages
Hey Binder, what's this one named?
That's just a stick...
Just a stick is looking good today.
Another stick...
It's some kind of cookbook?
An open book.
A baby booktower. It's cute!
A small pile of books.
Pap pap booktower stands strong.
A pile of books.
Mama booktower guards her young.
A pile of books.
Brother booktower hides behind his mama.
A medium pile of books.
Uncle booktower is being shady.
A large pile of books.
Auntie book tower is spying on Uncle booktower.
A large pile of books.
Grandfather booktower guards his family from the north.
A large pile of books.
I see you've met the booktowers. Can you believe they all came from the same family tree?
The leatherbound tome shifts away when you reach for it.
Don't worry, it's just shy around new people.
The tome churrs quietly. Looks like it's warming up to you!
The tome churrs quietly.
The tome growls angrily.
The tome growls angrily.
It's thriving despite the humble arrangement.
It's struggling to survive in the meager soil.
The dull red book lets out a belch when you try to open it.
The terrified red book screams at your touch.
The bright red book tries to gobble up your hand.
The pristine red book is sealed shut.
The otherwordly red book fills you with a sense of unease as you come near it.
The stubborn red book is hot to the touch and refuses to open.
The squeamish red book emits a small cry when you try to open it.
The haggard red book howls with rage when you come near it.
The ghostly red book blips out of existence and then back again when you try to touch it.
The impetuous red book bursts into flame when you come near. It doesn't appear to be damaged.
Careful with that! There are only a few known to exist.
Probably best to leave this one alone.
At the spine of the world a Guardian perceives every page simultaneously.
Guardians can move freely between these pages to record any and all events.
The flood of information brought on by the power of the spine can be overwhelming.
A Guardian may only change events on a given page if the presence of an anomaly is detected.
Without such an anomaly the Guardian passes through a page unnoticed and invisible to inhabitants.
Living as ghosts the Guardians wait and watch over the pages of creation.
Anomalies can manifest in many different forms at any given place or time within a page.
As the anomaly progresses, aspects of the page may become corrupted.
The results of this corruption are highly unstable and impact each host differently.
Darksiders are born from anomalies in the early stages of corruption.
These creatures are twisted manifestations of the original inhabitants of the page.
The hosts mind and features are altered drastically as the corruption takes hold.
This entire bookcase was carved out of a single block of wood.
You can't even read the books!
A shiny crisp apple sits on the shelf
