======== SAMPLE 1 ========
You know what, yeah. You should go.
You really are a jerk.
You a criminal.
You a cowering mole?
I'm not a cowering mole. I'm a regular cowering mole. Seriously?
You're a regular cowering mole. Seriously?
You're a regular cowering mole. You can't be serious.
You're a regular cowering mole. I can't say that for sure yet.
Not enough... I need more...
<|endoftext|>There's a jar of red pickles in here. Pickles are gross! I love pickles!
A single giant eraser sits in the drawer. The word 'pencil' is printed neatly on the side.
The drawer is stuck and won't open.
It's full of... tax papers? Gross...
A tedious tower of financing books.
It's covered in silly doodles of... lizard people? Say hello to the floor lizard paper!
A humdrum heap of financing books.
The deep black bark of this thing seems to absorb all of the light around it.
Notation on the financial implications of middle management.
These aren't even pens, they're just drawn onto the table!
This thing looks pretty grabby. Definitely don't want to go near it.
White letters on red paper... What kind of monster made this?
Books detailing the history of employees of the month. It's all the same guy until pretty recently.
The device whirrs to life with a happy jingle.
Some loose folders with scraps of paper strewn about.
A single sticky note is glued to the shelf...
The water cooler stands idly by waiting to hear untold stories of office life.
Small multi-colored papers litter the board. The words seem to shift as you try to read them.
A sock note is pinned to the board. Informative!
The handle rattles but the door remains unmoved.
A small keypad is stuck to the desk.
Where... Where am I...?
Baron...? Are you here...?
Dude... no.
A jar of nasties sits neatly in the drawer.
The jar of pickles evaporates.
The drawer lays empty and pickleless.
A picture of a pirate is in here. It has some strange writing on it. Lavender Beard
Hey, you're in my personal space.
Keep an eye on me. I might get cold talking to you.
Hey! Where are you going?
Stay where you are. I won't ask again.
Look... nothing.
You're just playing with me.
I've been injured already.
What kind of place are you?
Wherever I like.
You find a large pile of books.
Papers in strange shades. There's a ledger resting on a table. Strange Sounds Collected From the Mountain West
I see you've met the booktowers. Can you believe they all came from the same family tree?
The leatherbound tome shifts away when you reach for it.
Don't worry, it's just shy around new people.
The tome churrs quietly. Looks like it's warming up to you!
The tome churrs quietly.
The tome growls angrily.
The tome growls angrily.
It's thriving despite the humble arrangement.
It's struggling to survive in the meager soil.
The dull red book lets out a belch when you try to open it.
The terrified red book screams at your touch.
The bright red book tries to gobble up your hand.
The pristine red book is sealed shut.
The otherwordly red book fills you with a sense of unease as you come near it.
The stubborn red book is hot to the touch and refuses to open.
The squeamish red book emits a small cry when you try to open it.
The haggard red book howls with rage when you come near it.
The ghostly red book blips out of existence and then back again when you try to touch it.
The impetuous red book bursts into flame when you come near. It doesn't appear to be damaged.
Careful with that! There are only a few known to exist.
Probably best to leave this one alone.
At the spine of the world a Guardian perceives every page simultaneously.
Guardians can move freely between these pages to record any and all events.
The flood of information brought on by the power of the spine can be overwhelming.
A Guardian may only change events on a given page if the presence of an anomaly is detected.
Without such an anomaly the Guardian passes through a page unnoticed and invisible to inhabitants.
Living as ghosts the Guardians wait and watch over the pages of creation.
Anomalies can manifest in any
