======== SAMPLE 1 ========
end
<|endoftext|>Baron...?
This is bad.
I hope you are taken well.
We are in close proximity and are trying to contact you.
I have low self-esteem and would rather die than perform terrible physical acts.
This is at your direction. Do not interfere.
Dude, this is at your direction. Oh yeah, you're at the bar.
Hrm... Alright. I'll let you out the back.
So...?
This food locker is on the left.
It's locked and locked and nobody can get in.
I just gave it to you.
You can get through the jerky... You're stronger.
The locker is covered in sensitive gear.
It won't open... It's full of... weapons?
Compressed...
This monster is a terrifying monster.
The first person you see is dominated by fear.
The monster looks like it's holding onto you for now.
The gear is jammed and the monster looks very happy.
The only people who can see through the monster are the monster creators.
You can't escape the cage...
It's open to the public. There's a booklet with 'HOW TO ENGLish A GLORIOUS MONSTER' in the front.
Hmpf... Lavender... I'm terrified... Master...
Dang...
It's a pocketwatch... Clearly made out of phthalates.
It's a simple yet effective castration collapse.
The screen is glued-on and the canteen is full.
The next room has it locked and the user is not shown in the story.
Aged 18&20 pages. Multiple endings.
                Chock-full of gourmet kitchen scraps.
A signed recipe for 'How to Prepare A Feast sized Mankeyalising Mushroom' by Toad.
A plastic bag with a tag on the side saying... 'Keep Away From Decent Quality Garbage'.
A can of Domaine Goodfellow's 'Rhodeo and the Foxz'
A signed recipe for 'How to Prepare A Garbage sized Dwarf' by Dwarf.
A simple slab of Earth with a side filled with garbage.
A signed recipe for 'How to Prepare A Garbag' by Adrian Goodfellow.
A simple slab of Grass with a garbage tag on it.
A signed recipe for 'How to Prepare A Garcanitary Garbage'. Can of Delicious Garlics.
A simple slab of Toast with a side filled with garbage.
A signed recipe for 'How to Prepare A Garyouitary Garbage'. Garbage Garings.
A simple slab of Garape Crisp with a side filled with garbage.
A signed recipe for 'How to Prepare A Garyoutemperate Garbage'. How To Prepare A Garyoucupralming Garbage.
A simple slab of Garment Garmented in gold.
A simple slab of Garbage Garmented in red.
<|endoftext|>I'm finished.
There's a music CD playing.
Compressed music 'Torn to shreds.'
A cast of The Diary 'Stolen from a Faceless Man. A New Friend. An Actual Role.'
A cast of The King Crispified 'We Steal The Family For You. Jigs Garbage'
A cast of The Shameless Ambitious 'So You Want New Jobs? I Can't Work That Kind Of Time. I'm In Love. I'm Forcical Of Garbage People. CR12345.
A rack of watch crystals.
A rack of lost gems.
An old tannery toolsmith shop.
A rack of lost tools.
A rack of lost seconds.
A rack of lost seconds.
A rack of lost treasure.
A rack of lost secrets.
A rack of lost treasures.
An old tannery sorting rack.
A rack of lost treasures.

Barrel cask numbers 7 through 50.
A bunch of cheap chamfering ink.
A bunch of cheap chamfering paper.
Cask numbers 7 through 50.
A bunch of cheap chamfering text.
A bunch of cheap chamfering paper.
Cave of chamfering ink.
Cave of chamfering papers.
Cat name: The Coprino I work for The Café Ruin. I really like cats.
Barrel cask numbers 7 through 50.
A bunch of cheap chamfering paper.
Cave of chamfering ink.
A bunch of cheap chamfering paper.
Nice, I've replaced them.
New cup recipe: Green. Recipe: Gourmet Garbage
Nice, I've replaced them.
There's a ledger resting on a table. Nothin' a thing about it looking tasty.
Record the journey so far? No
