======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Manufacturing
We do not own the content here.
A strange vessel... Where light and sound are forbidden.
We do not own the vessel here. Strange device... Speeder vessel created to transport yelping collectors.
Each deck has a hidden key.
Designation: Trapper Lifetime: 1 Workers Role: Chairs Programmer Description: Access to this powerful vessel is denied. Current host lives a low-hanging fruit. Repurpose vessel for light. ---------- Endgame ----------
This carved shelf stands defiant. Towering tall as a tall plant. Uses up hundreds of workers. Current iteration shortens with every iteration.
This smashed glass shelf is unmoving. It may yet shatter. Manufacturing Requirements:ne Each worker has its own display case. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless Screenframe 1a
A set of jacquard hand tools. Manufacturing Requirements: 1 Faceless Scales
Working with tools from the past, I see what youwere doing.
First set of tools used to bedrock a few feet away.
Eggsucker is still asleep. Disabling all tools...
Testing with others... why help him?
Making his bed his own? Manufacturing Requirements: 6a
Newspapers, music videos and pictures sit here. All pristine. Manufacturing Requirements: 1a
A deliciously painful memory is embedded within.
It's a right size for an egg. Manufacturing Requirements:
Definite key to deep caverns. Repurpose for light. Manufacturing Requirements: 1a
A deliciously painful memory is implanted within.
It's a power brick. Manufacturing Requirements:
An endless supply of garbage.
It's a power supply blocks escape. Manufacturing Requirements:
An endless supply of power. Manufacturing Requirements.
A clutter of supplies. Manufacturing Requirements:
A disappointing find. Manufacturing Requirements:
Ultra Rare: No Description. TOC: For thou wast so kind. Manufacturing Requirements:
Unable to find a single block of garbage. Manufacturing Requirements:
A deliciously painful memory is trapped within.
It's a 3D blueprint. Manufacturing Requirements:
An endless supply of garbage.
It's a power supply. Manufacturing Requirements:
An endless supply of power. Manufacturing Requirements.
A deliciously painful memory is implanted within.
Layering metals, gems and woodwork. Manufacturing Requirements:
Darksiders nestle into the earth and breathe the delicious air of the decaying. Manufacturing Requirements:
Insects invade new home and take over homecooked hosts. Manufacturing Requirements:
An endless supply of food and water. Manufacturing Requirements:
Darksiders nestle into the deep night and feed upon the devouring hunger of the dead. Manufacturing Requirements:
Licorice and Isens ensnare all of the hosts. Manufacturing Requirements:
Isens lays a egg and gives host beautiful wake. Manufacturing Requirements:
Nectarines feast on hosts chest and give hosts wake. Manufacturing Requirements:
Rabiescent drake lays a seed for the night. Manufacturing Requirements:
Unfortunate bird lays a tasty seed for the night. Manufacturing Requirements:
Hastily tended and light-bodied birds. Manufacturing Requirements:
Small birds fed pods and plumage. Manufacturing Requirements.
Noteworthy cabinet with hergh and erasers. Manufacturing Requirements.
A few books and scattered papers. Manufacturing Requirements.
 Finely carved figurines of herself and Her husband. Manufacturing Requirements.
Unfinished work with many tiny figurines. Manufacturing Requirements.
The figurines recede in the wind. Manufacturing Requirements.
A deliciously painful memory is inside. Manufacturing Requirements.
Unfortunate discovery causes melting of the record! Manufacturing Requirements.
There we go, all the way through the door. Happy Thanksgiving! Manufacturing Requirements.
A few books and scattered papers. Happy Thanksgiving to all quarters. Manufacturing Requirements.
A smashed record sits uneasily in the corner. Manufacturing Requirements.
A smashed copy sits pristine and sets records. Manufacturing Requirements.
A few books and scattered papers. Have a great day. Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of clutter. Manufacturing Requirements.
A few books and scattered papers. Fine work everyone. Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of clutter. Everyone wants to hear about your adventures. Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of books and scattered papers. All of them agree that you're the best? Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of books and scattered papers. How well do you know each other? Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of books and scattered papers. What kind of book? Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of books and scattered papers. Not a single book is signed 'T. 'T.
'T. or a single label. 'T.t.'
'T.t.'. is a humble hand-held computer. Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of books and jars of assorted sorts. Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of jars of assorted sorts. Various bottles of nasties. Manufacturing Requirements.
A bunch of
